**Project Background/Insights**: **In this specific instance, my executive leadership team was beginning to leverage our "Chick-fil-A One" App which allowed customers to place orders, receive rewards, and submit customer feedback directly to our organization. The task at hand (which I was assigned) was to find out what each of our competing markets was looking like from an employment background. With our business growing and our innovative new tools requiring talented employees to execute our mission, we needed to understand where to look and how to attract strong talent. Notably, this step in the ETL process displays my work extracting, acquiring and leveraging bulk demographic data for visualization purposes, as well as presenting those insights in an organized and impactful way.**

As a Senior Strategy Analyst at Chick-fil-A Rancho from August 2017 to August 2021, a large portion of my role required exceptional data and strategy analytic skills, in addition to impactful communication and decision making ability. The work samples in this repository will provide insight into my day-to-day role within the organization. Sample work includes SQL query, Excel data processing and cleaning, Tableau Prep (flows, bins, calculated fields, etc.) and Tableau data visualization. 

Please take into consideration that the work included in this repository was used in a real-world context to drive marketing, recruitment, and business-growth strategies within the firm from 2017-2021. Through the included work, I have demonstrated exceptional business acumen in addition to my ability to leverage analytic tools including SQL, Redshift, Excel, and Tableau in order to help drive informed business decisions. 


**Raw Data sets retrieved from: https://data.ca.gov/**
